This package was originally debianized by Chris Anderson on April 11,
2004.  The current version was debianized by Chess Griffin
<chess@chessgriffin.com> on Tue, 02 Oct 2007 11:46:12 -0400.

Upstream authors:

The following themes were created by David Barr, are licensed under
the GPL (see below), and are found at
http://david.chalkskeletons.net/files/
arctic
ayunb
bbstyle
chaos2
cukoo-spit
curdled
day
debian
ebox
fog
fog-i
fog-maths
fog-mine
fog-t
fvwmish
gd-fog
gelb
gelb-chubby
greenz
i-merry
i-merryb
isawagorilla
jolly
kong
light-industry
mavos
merrycity
mist
misted
nop
ob-in-dustry
oldred
opensaw
operation
orange-fog
palerider
planton
rabbit
raffles
real-milk
spiffe
spiffish
spoff
thebear
turq
weightless-industry
Simple-*

The following themes were created by Tim Riley, are licensed under the
Artistic License (see below), and are found at 
http://tr.openmonkey.com/pages/openbox
Anchos
Bland
Cyclism
Deep
Mars
Peptide
Seven

The following themes were created by Dave Foster, are licensed under
the Artistic License (see below), and are found at 
http://www.minuslab.net/themes
Airborne
Bloohax
Flax
Mist-Ashen
M0nst4-sky
Nxpro
Squadron
SublimeWhite
Taqua
TropicBomb

The following themes were created by crimeboy, are licensed uner the
GPL (see below), and are found at http://celo.wordpress.com/themes
AbsE
Gold
Sodio
Wblue
Zen yellow

The following themes were create by lyrae, are licensed under the GPL
(see below), and are found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Mire+v2?content=60195
Mire_v2_blue
Mire_v2_grey
Mire_v2_lime
Mire_v2_orange
Mire_v2_pink

The following theme was created by gabehcuod, is licensed under the
WTFPL (http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Murrina-Tangoesque?content=66198
Murrina-Tangoesque

The following theme was modified by Zebo, is licensed under the GPL
(see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Human-like?content=62995
Openbox-Human-Like

The following theme was created by lost son, is licensed under the GPL
(see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/ob-glossy?content=66455
OB-glossy

The following theme was created by johnisevil, is licensed under the
Artistic License (see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Mint?content=64896
Mint

The following theme was created by uk dasai, is licensed under the
GPL (see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/PixelElegance?content=63614
Pixel-Elegance-1.1

The following theme was created by lyraei, is licensed under the GPL
(see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Dyne?content=62000
Dyne

The following themes were created by lyraei, are licensed under the
GPL (see below), and are found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Nova?content=60053
Nova-Blue
Nova-Gold
Nova-Lime
Nova-Pink

The following theme was created by roberth1990i, is licensed under the
GPL (see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Simple?content=59707
Simple

The following theme was created by envyyouraudience, is licensed under
the GPL (see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/bear-tangerine?content=59636
Bear-Tangerine

The following theme was created by gabehcuod, is licensed under the
WTFPL (http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Carbon?content=59418
Carbon

The following theme was created by pllb, is licensed under the GPL
(see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Surreal+-+Openbox?content=66397
Surreal

The following theme was created by johnisevili, is licensed under the
Artistic 2.0 License, and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Neo?content=62379
Neo

The following theme was created by envyyouraudience, is licensed under
the GPL (see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Bamboo?content=62861
Bamboo

The following theme was created by AquaFoxi, is licensed under the
GPL (see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Onyx-black?content=62398
Onyx-Black

The following theme was created by Zero-Gravity, is licensed under the
GPL (see below), and is found at 
http://box-look.org/content/show.php/Loma?content=65285
Loma

Copyright:

   This package is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
   modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
   published by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 dated June,
   1991.

   This package is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
   WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
   General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this package; if not, write to the Free Software
   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
   02110-1301, USA.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the Artistic License 
can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/Artistic'.

The Debian packaging is (c)2007, Chess Griffin
<chess@chessgriffin.com> and is licensed under the GPL, see above.
